Health API Periodic Logging (#96772)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/health-diagnostic-settings.asciidoc

`health.ilm.max_retries_per_step`::
(<<cluster-update-settings,Dynamic>>) The minimum amount of times an index has retried by an {ilm-init} step before it is considered stagnant. Defaults to `100`

`health.periodic_logger.poll_interval`::
(<<cluster-update-settings,Dynamic>>, <<time-units, time unit value>>)

> How often {es} logs the top-level results of the Health API . Defaults to `60s` (60 seconds).

Reviewer: Nit: I am thinking that `top-level` might not be very clear to the reader.

```suggestion
How often {es} logs the health status of the cluster and of each health indicator as observed by the Health API . Defaults to `60s` (60 seconds).
```
